Add ClearX: Effortless React State Management (#920)
enaqx/awesome-react: README.md

* [react-lodash - Lodash as React components](https://github.com/typicode/react-lodash)
* [react-helmet - A document head manager for React](https://github.com/nfl/react-helmet)
* [Stator - Simple, plain JavaScript state management with built-in support for React](https://github.com/cs01/stator)

> * [ClearX - Fast & Effortless State management for React with zero learning curve. ClearX gives great flexibiility in separation of concerns for your React applicationss](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clearx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ClearX - Fast & Effortless State management for React with zero learning curve. ClearX gives great flexibiility in separation of concerns for your React applicationss](https://github.com/Autodesk/clearx)
```
